(1) "git init" - initialize a Git repository 

(2) "git add README.md"- add readme file to Git repository

(3) 'git commit -m "Empty project with README" ' - commit readme file 

(4) 'git remote add origin <remote url>' - add the repository on GitHub as a remote to your local  repository

(5) 'git push origin main ' - push the commits in your local repo to the remote repository on GitHub

(6) goto https://www.python.org/ and move to download tab and download stable python version at this time python3.9.2 is a stable version. then install python exe on window or mac before click install button add environment variable path and click install.

    goto command prompt and type python then it show it version number and python shell activated. 
    
    in command prompt type " pipenv shell " to create a virtual environment with in that environment install playwright pipenv install playwright  

(7) pip install foobar - this command is for install a python package 

(8) pip uninstall foobar - this command is for uninstall a python package

(9) pip freeze - check the installed package list 

(10) __pycache__ directory generated by python and it store python caches the complied version of each modules in it. it help to reduce to loading modules time. 

(11) global interpreter lock (GIL) is a lock that allow only one thread to hold the control of the python interpreter it mean only one thread can be in an execution state at any point of time. 
GIL provide a better way to deal with thread safe memory management and it effective on CPU-bound python program. it provide a single lock to a thread for processing. if need to handle multithreads we can use parallel execution techinques.